20_2 Scheduler: edit the cancel field for onAppointmentFormOpening, onAppointmentClick, onAppointmentDblClick (#1548)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/onAppointmentFormOpening.md

The data of the appointment for which a form is opened.

##### field(e.cancel): Boolean

> If **true**, prevents opening of the appointment details form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **true**, prevents the user from opening the appointment details form.
```
